# 10 Ways to Achieve Peace

1. **Stop minding other people’s business.** What anyone else is doing, saying, thinking, eating, drinking and feeling is none of your business. Whenever you make it your business, you move out of love and into judgment, comparison and control. When you let it all go and focus only on your own spiritual expansion and on loving others unconditionally, you move into peace. Having an opinion about what anyone else is doing is the fastest way to hell. Let them live their life, and you live yours. 
2. **Stop grasping outside of yourself for happiness and validation.** This is a never ending hamster wheel of suffering that will keep you enslaved to people, conditions and circumstances. Instead, turn inwards. Spend time in silence and contemplation. The wholeness and love you seek is within you. It already exists. It is who you are. You have just forgotten.
3. **Remember that this is Earth School** and thus there is nothing truly serious going on here. Every soul is simply here to expand and ultimately awaken to their God self. Whenever you get caught up in the dream of physical form, take a step back and a deep breath and remind yourself that Who you really are cannot be hurt, cannot die, cannot be abandoned, cannot fail. Every incident and experience and relationship is simply an opportunity to awaken to that God self. To who you really are beyond your mind and body.  
4. **Remind yourself regularly that you are absolutely LIMITLESS.** There is nothing that you cannot create for yourself and no one you cannot be, with the use of your imagination. Moreover, you are not bound by your experience, circumstances, intelligence, fitness, talent, reputation, credit score, beauty, finances or anything in between\! None of those things matter when applying the universal law of creation. Please read that again.
5. **Stop caring about what others think\!** About your face, body, job, personality, choices, relationship, passions, hobbies, quirks, preferences, diet, health, and everything in between. The fastest way to hell is by caring what anyone else thinks about you and your life. The fastest way to peace is by letting that shit go. This is your life, your journey, and no one gets a say about it other than you. Not your parents, not your minister, not your bestie, not your spouse, not your kids, and not anyone else. Instead, ask yourself: am I living true to ME? Is my life in alignment with the truth of my being? Am I doing what deep down I know I came here to do? Am I in integrity with my soul?  
6. **Accept that this is a benevolent Universe**. That God, the underlying consciousness of all things, is pure liquid love. That Love is where you came from and where you will return upon leaving your body. That there is no outside punishing God, and no judging God. That you are, at all times, surrounded by a TEAM of guides, archangels and ascended masters ready to help you and guide you whenever you call on them. You are NEVER EVER EVER alone.
7. **Begin looking at absolutely everything as a feedback mechanism** showing you what you’re believing, assuming or expecting about yourself, others or the world. If you understand that every detail of your life is just a reflection of your own consciousness, then you don’t have to react or become perturbed by the unpleasant people or experiences that show up. You can instead just become playfully curious about them and play the role of the detective, finding the belief in you that created that. Then you can shift it to a more life\-affirming belief. This way of being is a big part of achieving peace because it takes you completely out of victim mode, blame and anger, and plants you instead directly in the driver’s seat of your life. The outer always matches the inner. Don’t like the outer? Shift the inner. Case closed.
8. **Stop the constant DO\-ing and learn to rest in your BE\-ing.** Most people are in perpetual motion going from one thing to the next without stopping until they lay down in bed for sleepytime. There is no peace in living life like this. Peace is something to be found within you, and you can’t find it until you stop long enough to become present. Fully present. Start by finding a few times a day, even if just for 5\-10 minutes, to sit still in silence and just BE. No phone, no distractions, no music, no TV. Just pure silence. Close your eyes. Take deep breaths. See how good it feels to feel your way back into your body and heart. You are not a human doing. You are a human being. Start acting like it.
9. **Forgive, forgive, forgive\!** When you choose \(because it’s always a choice\) to hold on to past hurts, the only person who ends up suffering is you. You worry that if you forgive, you’ll be condoning the harmful behavior or ‘letting them off the hook’ but forgiveness has nothing to do with the other person and everything to do with your own wellbeing and liberation. When you don’t forgive, you keep yourself energetically shackled to both the incident and the person. Moreover, by holding onto the pain, you lower your own frequency and end up attracting more yuck into your life. Forgiveness is an act of self\-love. It’s saying: I’m choosing to let this go for good because I’m worthy of peace and joy. Who do you still need to forgive?
10. **Decide once and for all that you love yourself.** Yes, it can be this easy. You can simply ‘decide’ this. Decide that you’re absolutely sick and tired of shitting all over yourself day in and day out, that it hasn’t brought you any peace, and that it’s about time you stop abusing yourself\!  Step into the state of adoring yourself, every single detail about yourself. Feed yourself loving encouragement all day long. Be kind to yourself. Honor yourself. Speak loving praise and affirmations to your body. Look yourself in the mirror throughout the day and love on yourself. See the perfection staring back at you. You chose that exact face and body before incarnating\! They were not an accident or ‘chance.’ You chose them down to the smallest detail in order to have the specific human experience that face abd body would afford you. So you look like that on purpose\! Start acting like it\! Remember that others are just reflecting your own self\-concelt back to you, so once you begin adoring you, others will begin reflecting that back to you.
