# 5 Steps To Manifesting Your Dream Life

**Step 1**: Become clear about what you _want_ in every bucket of your life: love, money, health, spirituality, family, friends, adventure, etc. Write it all out in detail in the present tense as though you were writing about your _current_ life. Do not be afraid of being incredibly detailed. You are God and God is infinite and therefore you have no limitations. Do not settle. Write out _exactly_ what you want. Nothing is out of reach to you.

**Step 2:** Create an imaginal scene for each bucket, that implies that your wish has been fulfilled, AKA, that you already have that which you desire. The scene should be super short \(a couple seconds\), and super simple \(only one action happening in the scene\) and involve one or more of your senses \(touch, sight, sound, taste\).

**Step 3**: Get yourself into a relaxed, meditative state and then play your scene on a loop in your imagination. Make your scene as _vivid_ as possible. Really feel yourself in it, in the first person \(this means you are not seeing yourself from afar but actually inhabiting your body, so seeing everything from that perspective\). Engage your senses. If it involves another person, really see them. If it involves a hand shake, really feel their hand in yours. If it involves them congratulating you, really hear their voice and proper intonation.

Ideally, this should be done either right before you fall asleep at night, or right before you fall into a nap. Whatever you think about right before you fall asleep gets imprinted on your subconscious. So these are prime impressionable times.

**Step 4:** Repeat Step 3 every day until you feel certain ‘the seed has been planted’ into your subconscious.  Between 25\-30 days. How will you know? You’ll feel completely at peace about your desire knowing that it is ‘done.’ So many always second guess themselves on this step, which then leads to doubt, which then ends up digging up the seed and neutralizing your visualizations\! Stop doubting yourself. You’ll know when you know. Trust it. If you constantly doubt yourself during this step, you may want to ask yourself if you’re lacking Faith in the law. If so, why? Do you ever doubt gravity? Universal laws do not work sometimes, they work always \- and they don’t work for some people and not for others, they work for everyone. Stop being a skeptic. Skepticism is the greatest block to the magical life that is your **birthright**\!

**Step 5**: Now go about your life\! When you put an order in at a restaurant, you don’t ever doubt your food will come out, right? When you plant a flower or vegetable seed, you don’t go anxiously digging it up to make sure it’s still there, right? If you did, the seed would never have the chance to germinate. The same goes for your desire. By feeling it real in your imagination, you have put your order in with the Universal kitchen and now you need to trust that the fulfilling of it is being orchestrated in the most perfect way and will emerge in Divine timing. Do _not_ think about the ‘how.’ The ‘how’ is none of your business\! That’s God’s job and God has ways you know not of and could never fathom with your limited conscious mind.

**Moreover, remember**: the bottom line of manifestation/creation is that you must feel as though you have already received your desire, in order for your desire to show up in the 3D. So if you’re sitting there pondering the ‘how’ or feeling impatient, fearful, anxious or doubting, you are clearly blocking it from coming. So just _chill out_\! Let the Universe work its magic\! Trust\! Creating anything and everything with your imagination is your **birthright**\! It’s not an ability that can be damaged or lost or not work. But truly, you’ve got to take a chill pill. Once your seed is planted, your order is in, you’ve stepped into the state of already having it or being it \- if you notice anxiety or doubt or fear or impatience coming up, nip them in the bud _immediately_ by self\-soothing. This sounds like:

“I love knowing that the law of creation is just as dependable as the law of gravity and thus _cannot fail_. I have unwavering faith in the law and thus feel completely at peace. I am now going to step back into the state of already having it, and feel the tremendous joy of it, and then move on with my day knowing that there’s nothing more I need to do. It’s done it’s done it’s done\! Thank you thank you thank you. Isn’t it wonderful? What a freaking magical life, seriously. It’s absolutely nuts that this is actually how the Universe works and that I’m one of the tiny percentage in the world that actually knows about our superpowers. I’m so ridiculously blessed\!”

**Side note**: do not share your desires that have not yet manifested with anyone. This is important. 1\) It scatters the energy, 2\) it opens you up to being infected by other people’s doubts and limitations.
