# 8 Ways To Dramatically Increase Your Level of Consciousness

Increasing your level of consciousness is always an inside job. It requires you to do a deep cleaning of your insides: to shift your narratives, to clean out your limiting beliefs, to forgive, to change your internal dialogue and more. If you persist in doing the following 8 things, you can expect a complete life transformation that will move you into greater peace, joy and abundance. 

1. **Forgive everyone permanently and forever.** Forgiveness is one of the quickest ways to rapidly clean up your insides and raise your consciousness. We forgive because we understand that every difficult, angry, mean, abusive, yucky person is our teacher, pointing us to the places within us that are still unhealed. When we change our narrative from victimhood \("they did that to me"\) to conscious creator \("they are helping me expand"\), we step into both our power and our liberation. As long as _anything_ is still someone else’s fault, you remain a victim and thus _must_ continue to attract situations in which you are victimized in some way. Who do you still feel angry with, disappointed by, hurt by, sad about, jealous of, etc. Remember that when you feel any of those things, you have simply forgotten who you really are: God.

2. **Live true to you.** When we don’t live true to ourselves, we end up feeling resentful both towards life and others who we see living their best lives. And whenever we feel resentful, we block what we truly desire from coming to us, which then perpetuates the resentment. It’s a vicious cycle. To live true to you means to let go of everyone else’s opinions about you and your life, and to focus solely on what lights your soul on fire, because whatever lights your soul on fire is likely what you came here to contribute to humanity. This means to give up pleasing others and to give up caring what others think of you. What I found, ironically, is that the minute I stopped caring, I grew infinitely in others’ esteem. People respect those who have the courage and fortitude to follow their truth no matter what, and who say no when they mean no. The only opinion I value about myself and my life is my own. When I need guidance, I turn within and consult with God/my Higher Self \(who of course, is me ;\)\).

3. **Actively bless everyone you meet and pass on the street.** This seemingly insignificant behavior will transform your life in ways you can’t even imagine. Why? Because as long as you’re blessing, you’re not judging AND whatever you put out MUST come back to you, and amplified\! The more love you give, the more blessings and abundance you wish for others, the more love and blessings you draw to yourself. The cherry on top is that it’s absolutely addictive once you start doing it because it feels so good to love….why? Because it’s who we really are...so it’s when we are _most_ aligned with ourselves. Bless bless bless\! It’s a win\-win.

4. **Rewrite all painful past narratives** from the perspective of you being the only operant power in your world and you having chosen specific soul contracts with the major players in your life, in order to expand and rise in consciousness. This exercise, coupled with the forgiveness, will clean up your past for good. Do this until there is absolutely nothing about your past that bothers you. Also, if there’s anything you need to clean up on your side by apologizing, do so. I remember how good it felt to send a message of apology to a girl I went to college with who I had been unkind to. We hadn’t spoken in years but she wrote back with so much love and appreciation for my message. It’s never too late to apologize, and there’s nothing too small to apologize for. I once apologized to a guy at the gym for responding in \(what felt to me\) an unkind tone. Even though he had no idea what I was talking about because he hadn’t interpreted it in that way, it was important for me to clean it up for ME and my integrity.

5. **Start cleaning up your limiting beliefs** by first becoming aware of them. Spend a week carrying a little notepad with you \(or your phone\) and write down your thoughts throughout the day. You’ll have to be hyper vigilant as we have thousands of thoughts a day. So many are on autopilot. Don’t judge them, just write them down. At the end of the week, take a good look at your notes. You’ll notice so much repetition and big patterns and it will be easy to find the underlying limiting beliefs that instigate your daily thoughts. Write down those limiting beliefs, then next to them, write down the opposing affirmation. Now open the free voice note app on your phone and record yourself repeating your new affirmations. Listen to this recording daily, ideally several times a day. Let them seep in. Repetitive thoughts turn into beliefs, so this is what we call positive brainwashing. You are essentially reprogramming your subconscious positively.

6. **Consciously flood your mind all day long with God thoughts** of love, peace, harmony, health and wealth. Even just repeating those words all day while really feeling them, is enough. Your mind is always thinking _something_, so you might as well give it something life\-affirming to chew on. As you make this a habit, these thoughts will seep into your subconscious and begin appearing in your 3D reality. Test it out\!

7. **Curate what you feed your mind.** Look at the shows and types of movies you watch, the content you follow on social media, the podcasts and songs you listen to, the people you surround yourself with. Ask yourself: is this life\-affirming? Does it leave me feeling good and hopeful about myself, others and the world? Does it inspire me? Is it making me a kinder, more loving person? Is it challenging me to grow? If your answer is no, get rid of it. Unfollow, delete. No need to judge it, just lovingly let it go, understanding that it’s not in alignment with your vision for your life. Find mental food that nourishes you. There’s so much of it out there.

8. **Actively take time daily to connect with your God presence.** Sit in meditation, ideally right when you wake up, even if just for 15 minutes, and contemplate the consciousness flowing through you that is animating your body and breathing you. This is God. Give thanks to God for giving you life, for flowing through you, for making sure every system of your body continues to function to sustain your life. Really FEEL the pure love of this consciousness and life force. It loves you unconditionally and is constantly working on your behalf. Contemplate how this same consciousness animates all living beings and thus how we are ultimately the same, One, all individualizations or fractals of the One Source. The more you do this, the closer you’ll come to realizing who you really are \(God\), and once you experience that, everything else falls into place.
