# 9 Truths to Raise Your Level Of Consciousness

1. You are limitless. There’s absolutely _nothing_ you cannot create for yourself and no one you cannot be, with the use of your imagination. Moreover, your are not bound by your experience, circumstances, intelligence, fitness, talent, past, reputation, credit score, beauty, financial situation or anything in between\! None of those things matter when applying the Universal Law of creation. Read that again.
2. The most important relationship you will have in your life is your relationship with yourself. It is only when you become your own best friend, your own greatest love, that you will finally be able to show up authentically in all your other relationships AND be able to offer others your unconditional love, which will elevate every single relationship in your life. It is your unwavering love for yourself and the inner solidity this creates that allows you to be brave and continue to choose expansion no matter what shows up in your life. A magical relationship with you = a magical life.
3. All the answers and solutions you seek are within yourself. There is nothing and no one outside of yourself, that is wiser than your own inner knowing, which essentially is Divine Intelligence. You have a direct connection to this Infinite Knowing via your intuition that is always communicating with you. You just need to learn to get quiet more often and for longer so you may hear her delicious whispers.  
4. In order to attract the intimate relationship that your soul desired most, you have to first become so whole and content within yourself, that you don’t _yearn_ for this relationship anymore. The minute you become unattached to finding it because there is no void within you to fill, your soul’s compliment will show up with zero effort on your part. Just like mine did.
5. Yes, magic exists. And it is created BY you and THROUGH you, whenever you consciously feel a desire of yours real.
6. Who you decide you are \(I AM\) \- is the most important decision you will ever make. This will become your self\-concept and your self\-concept will be reflected back to you in every single relationship, incident, interaction and opportunity that shows up in your life. Who you believe yourself to be = how others perceive you and treat you. Remember: You are allowed infinite upgrades to your self\-concept. Who do you believe yourself to be? Just as there is no objective world out there, there is only who YOU believe yourself to be, which is then what everyone in your world _sees_ you as. So start deciding who you are, ON PURPOSE.
7. Inner Peace is the holiest of all grails on this human journey. What’s the use of having all the money and relationships and whatever else your heart desires, if you still wake up anxious, insecure, stressed or in fear everyday? As someone who now feels that peace within me consistently, I’ll tell you, nothing else compares. It’s the precursor to drama\-free relationships, joy\-filled days and the clarity needed to see through the fear\-fueled illusory dream of the Matrix.
8. If you are radically honest with yourself, you will find that the only thing that _ever_ truly feels good is Love. As such, prioritizing getting at the root of everything _blocking_ that love from flowing out of you onto every single being and thing you come into contact with, should truly be your \#1 concern. Things usually standing in the way: a wobbly self\-concept, fear, unprocessed wounds/trauma, limiting beliefs /narratives, ego, unworthiness.
9. Absolutely _everything_ in your life, every single detail, is simply a feedback mechanism showing you what you're believing, assuming or expecting about yourself, others or the world. As such, if there are details you don’t like, all you need to do is go within yourself and do some inner shifting, and then the unpleasant outer will rearrange itself into something wonderful. The outer _always_ matches the inner. Don’t like the outer? Shift the inner. Case closed.
